added contributing.md (#9)
hyphacoop/remote: contributing.md

---
layout: page
title: Contributing Guidelines
lang: en

> title-display: EN

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

---

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

_Contributing Guidelines adopted from [Environmental Data and Governance Initiative (EDGI)](https://envirodatagov.org/)._

```

> ### Submitting Feedback, Requests, and Bugs

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Submitting Feedback, Requests, and Bugs

```

> Our process for submitting feedback, feature requests, and reporting bugs usually begins by opening [GitHub issues](https://help.github.com/articles/about-issues/). Each project repository generally maintains its own set of issues:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This resource accepts feedback, feature requests, and bug reports by opening [GitHub issues](https://github.com/hyphacoop/remote/issues).
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

>         https://github.com/hyphacoop/<repository-name>/issues

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

### Submitting Code and Documentation Changes

Our process for accepting changes operates by [Pull Request (PR)](https://help.github.com/articles/about-pull-requests/) and has a few steps:

1.  If you haven't submitted anything before, and you aren't (yet!) a member of our organization, **fork and clone** the repo:

>         $ git clone git@github.com:<your-username>/<repository-name>.git

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        $ git clone git@github.com:<your-username>/remote.git
```

    Organization members should clone the upsteam repo, instead of working from a personal fork:

>         $ git clone git@github.com:hyphacoop/<repository-name>.git

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        $ git clone git@github.com:hyphacoop/remote.git
```

1. Once your changes are ready for review, push your commits to GitHub and **[create a pull request (PR)](https://help.github.com/en/github/collaborating-with-issues-and-pull-requests/creating-a-pull-request-from-a-fork).** If you aren’t ready for final review and just need some preliminary feedback, create the PR as a *draft:*

    ![Screenshot of PR button with “draft” option](https://help.github.com/assets/images/help/pull_requests/pullrequest-send.png)

1.  Allow others sufficient **time for review and comments** before merging. We make use of GitHub's review feature to comment in-line on PRs when possible. There may be some fixes or adjustments you'll have to make based on feedback.

    In general, we do our best to provide some feedback or review within about 3 days. (And hopefully much quicker most of the time!)
    
    If you have commit rights on the repo, you should merge your own PR, but have someone else review it first:
    

>     - Allow up to 3 days for review. If you don’t get any feedback by then, you can merge it without review.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    If you have commit rights on the repo, you should merge your own PR, but have someone else review it first. Allow up to 3 days for review. If you don’t get any feedback by then, you can merge it without review.
```
